Elastic search v2 fetch bug (#18699)
demisto/content: Packs/Elasticsearch/ReleaseNotes/1_2_9.md

#### Integrations
##### Elasticsearch v2

> - Fixed an issue where **last-fetch** milliseconds were truncated when fetching incidents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue in the *Last Run* information handling in the ***fetch-incidents*** command.
```
